## [L-1] vaultManager.withdraw() reverts without an explicit error message when withdrawing more funds than deposited
In the `withdraw` function in `VaultManagerV2`, in the line checking if the user has enough exogenous collateral allowing him to withdraw tokens, the check looks like the following: `if (getNonKeroseneValue(id) - value < dyadMinted) revert NotEnoughExoCollat();`. If now the user specifies an amount which is larger than the `nonKeroseneValue` of their `dNFT`, this will revert with an `arithmetic underflow or overflow` error, not giving any specific information on why it reverted. It is recommended to add a check before that looking like this: `if (getNonKeroseneValue(id) < value) revert NotEnoughExoCollat();`, ensuring that the function call does not revert without a specific error. 

## [L-2] vaultManager.burnDyad() and vaultManager.redeemDyad() revert without explicit error message when `amount` is set too high
In the `VaultManagerV2`, when burning `DYAD` in `burnDyad` or `redeemDyad`, there are no checks whether the user owns as much `DYAD` as he wants to burn. Therefore when burning an amount greater than what the user owns, it will revert with an `arithmetic underflow or overflow` error. Since this error does not give any insight into as to why it reverted, it is recommended to add a check before the burn, checking if the user owns as much `DYAD` as he wants to burn and reverting if it exceeds their balance.

## [L-3] With the ability to change the KerosineDenominator, one can arbitrarily manipulate the Kerosene price or cause a DoS by letting it return 0
The function `denominator()` in `KerosineDenominator` is used to calculate the asset price of any Kerosene vault. It is calculated like the following in `Vault.kerosine.unbounded.sol`: `(tvl - dyad.totalSupply()) * 1e8 / kerosineDenominator.denominator()`. Since the denominator contract can be changed in `Vault.kerosine.unbounded.sol` by its owner, this could be used to either arbitrarily manipulate the Kerosene price of all Kerosene vaults. It can also cause a DoS if the denominator at some point intentionally or unintentionally gets set to a contract where the function returns 0 as it would cause a division by 0 in `Vault.kerosine.unbounded.sol` causing it to revert. This would also cause users to be unable to withdraw their Kerosene from their vaults as the `withdraw` function relies on `assetPrice`.


## [L-4] There should be distinct events for both `add` and `addKerosene` and also `remove` and `removeKerosene`
Currently, when a vault is added to the either `vaults` with the `add` function or to `vaultsKerosene` with the `addKerosene` function, in both cases the same event `Added` gets emitted. The same applies for removing, here in both cases the `Removed` event is emitted. This should be changed to make it more clear what type of vault has been added to a `dNFT` by adding two new events `AddedKerosene` and `RemovedKerosene`. 